we talked about it after the game in
week
what we have stopped doing that the
team at times have to be more
ambitious more this one
fight all the balls as if it were
the last and good we have a
Saturday opportunity of doing
good things
framework very good for us with the
superleader as it sums up a big team
and well we think we can go to be a
good match and go win over there
face a great rival a great
institution not for nothing is always in
liguillas playing finals
they have great players but good is
the beauty of football that every season
every week has a new rematch a
new opportunity to break statistics
to do things well and good we
we go with the firm intention to win
there
good at the end
all coaches are based on
results
we will try to defend it
making a good football getting good
results I think it's a great
coach for me it would be a mistake to look
move it
and good we are going to leave with all the Saturday
to get a good result with which
we can do the good things end
talk is worked and good are in
of the court many times for more than
practice and that makes the same mistake
we have received very infantile goals very
fools throughout the season that
they have cost us defeats and points but
but good you have to continue working not
we can fall or lower our arms
there are still many days left
ahead and good we will play the last
all good games all
matches as if they were the last good
I think they are bound to beat him
to the people they are the superlíder
apparently we are the comfortable rival for
them but
but we've done well to visit, I think
the team stops well
on visiting fields and good always
that you are visiting, you have a little more
space to attack I think we can
kick back well and bring us a good
result does not motivate us much because
you always saw a big team win
you saw the superleader come
playing pretty well doing things
very good and good to win him a
important team gives us confidence
gives motivation for what comes the rest
of the tournament already several years ago
blue cross game
but now I have to be in town
well, the results have not been
given as we want but
we keep working we have this
week to correct errors for
talk among us more than anything
flip the page and now
we have as you say blue cross that goes to
be equal or more difficult than matches
previous we are going to visit and then
we have to play first of all I
I believe with order and then starting from
there what rubén asks us
It's complicated but we have equipment to
to be able to do what I
a difficult game also at the time
training is no excuse not nothing
they are defending very well they had a goal
they defended him and a death
this but because one tries to give everything not
there were opportunities not sumo
and many spaces for the same
but then there we are or I am trying to
always always give the maximum for
me for all also and all of us
we are playing the position also
we have to train excellent diary
to be able to enjoy a game of
owner I think we all have to
think that give the best give the hundred
cent because there is no sure place
and we are going to deal with with blue cross to give
a good match to get a good result
Let 's not be the party that comes
first it's going to be against blue cross and now
we will see in what if I believe that
how do you say everything you mentioned
let's go against the first place we have
that motivate us to imagine that
make a good match excellent
game play you for you we're going to
measure and let's know that also
we can there we depart imposed in
the week ourselves or in the
training
speaking trying to support the companion
inside the court this I think that of
there
let's try to leave to us
we are also interested in the three points
but we also want to play well not
nice different nice bar to play
well on all lines or everything
team I think they would like to make a
perfect match where they do not have many
mistakes handles the ball have many
arrivals on the outside concrete forward and
win I think that that would be a match
perfect let's go in search of that